Add Platform9 Elastic Machine Pool to Adopters (#629)
clastix/kamaji: ADOPTERS.md

| End-user | KINX | 2024 | [link](https://kinx.net/?lang=en) | KINX is an Internet infrastructure service provider and will use kamaji for its new [Managed Kubernetes Service](https://kinx.net/service/cloud/kubernetes/intro/?lang=en). |
| Vendor | Netsons | 2023 | [link](https://www.netsons.com) | Netsons is an Italian hosting and cloud provider and uses Kamaji in its [Managed Kubernetes](https://www.netsons.com/kubernetes) offering. |
| R&D | Orange | 2024 | [link](https://gitlab.com/Orange-OpenSource/kanod) | Orange is a French telecommunications company using Kamaji for experimental research purpose, with Kanod research solution. |

> | End-user | Platform9 | 2024 | [link](https://elasticmachinepool.com) | Platform9 uses Kamaji in its offering - Elastic Machine Pool, which is a tool for optimizing the cost of running kubernetes clusters in EKS. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Vendor | Platform9 | 2024 | [link](https://elasticmachinepool.com) | Platform9 uses Kamaji in its offering - Elastic Machine Pool, which is a tool for optimizing the cost of running kubernetes clusters in EKS. |
```

I'd say the right type here should be `Vendor`, End-User are more organizations taking advantage of Kamaji for their own infrastructure.

Author: Done
